# The-Effect-of-installing-Solar-PV-panels-on-Residential-Energy-Consumption-in-Australia
The Effect of installing Solar PV panels on Residential Energy Consumption in Australia: A comparison by Regions Characteristics.

Introduction
Energy consumption from buildings account for 36% of global final energy consumption and about 40% of co2 emissions (IEA, 2019). With the increase in the global population, the number of single persons per household, rapid development and urbanization in the developing world, and expansion of the middle class in the developing world, the energy demand from the building will continue to rise. The drivers of consumption are the people, fabric, services, and location. It is also worthy to note that occupant behaviour contributes significantly to building energy performance. For achieving low energy consumption and high building performance, occupant behaviour should be understood (Paone & Jean-Philippe, 2018). Research has proven that occupant behaviour has been responsible for the variation of energy consumption in different households.
Although high-performance buildings reduce energy demand, it will not help achieve the 2008 Climate Change Act; reducing the temperature of the earth to below 2 degrees. A viable solution is to replace the source of electricity generation with renewable alternatives (Kwok & Rajkovich, 2010). To further increase the deployment of renewable energy technologies, specifically, solar panels, various policies such as feed-in tariff and subsidies has been designed and implemented by the government.
This project aims to quantify the impact of solar panels on household energy consumption by the empirical analysis of smart metered data from households who have installed the technology. It examines the effect of installing solar panels on residential consumption by analysing the data obtained from the gross metered system installed between 1 Jan 2007 to 31, Dec 2014 of 6721 buildings in Australia. The data comprises of two datasets. The first being the intervention group data set; data were obtained before and after solar panels were installed. While the other is the control group data set; data were collected for the same period where no intervention occurred. 
The research explores the overall consumption of households after installing solar PV. 


